W-15702456-Add-APIkit-for-AsyncAPI-CP (#179)
mulesoft/docs-apikit: modules/ROOT/pages/apikit-for-asyncapi.adoc

= APIkit for AsyncAPI
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="apikit-asyncapi"]

> APIkit for AsyncAPI is a module that provides a valuable addition to Anypoint Platform by enabling you to xref:design-center::design-async-api.adoc[design event-driven APIs from API Designer]. You can create AsyncAPI specifications for defining APIs using asynchronous messaging protocols. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIkit for AsyncAPI enables you to xref:design-center::design-async-api.adoc[design event-driven APIs from API Designer]. You can create AsyncAPI specifications for defining APIs using asynchronous messaging protocols. 
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

AsyncAPI is based on event-driven architectures that communicate data between different systems reliably and efficiently.

> You can quickly implement projects with the APIkit scaffolder by generating the initial skeleton of the application. Scaffold and re-scaffold your Mule application in xref:code-builder::ref-acb-commands.adoc[AnyPoint Code Builder] and xref:studio::add-modules-in-studio-to.adoc[Anypoint Studio].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can quickly implement projects with the APIkit scaffolder by generating the initial skeleton of the application. Scaffold and re-scaffold your Mule application in xref:code-builder::ref-acb-commands.adoc[AnyPoint Code Builder] or xref:studio::add-modules-in-studio-to.adoc[Anypoint Studio].
```

Author: OK! Thanks!
